verison 2.2



version 1.04
Now setting refers to 1.9 and 2.0 since serial protocol will not change till the release of 2.0 MultiWii
Fixed ISSUE5 - Tricopter front motor indicators were swapped
Fixed ISSUE6 - LogBrowser openfiledialog does not open at log directory
Fixed ISSUE7 - Heading indicator swapped East-West
New feature  - Artifical horizon now can be switched to MultiWiiConf style roll/pitch indicator with a click on a control

version 1.03
Fixed settings wizard crash when run without any serial port
Changed r569 to dev20120219

version 1.02
It's no longer considered as a beta, this is the final v1, it was tested more than 120 people. in the last couple of days. and all issues was corrected.

Corrected Heading indicator (it was 180deg off)
Alt is now in meters (.1 precision as the original value is in dm)
Added asyncvideosource layer to video capture chain, as a preparation for double buffered ground OSD
Corrected TRI servo display, it's now working with SVNr569 (TRI servo moved to servo[5] in MultiWii code)
Video capture filename corrected it’s YYMMDD-HHmm now.


version 1.01

Smarter COM port selection in Settings Wizard, thanks to TimeCop
Font in Parameter boxes changed to Tahoma 9pt now shows disctinct commas versus points
Additional error situation handling with serial port, allow grace disconnect when usb plug pulled
double click on the "port" label besides the serial port selecion box now re-enumerate available serial ports.
Preferred serial port is now honored in GUI
When change directory in the GUI settings tab, the pervious directory is now preselected in the folderbrowser window
Gyro and Acc graph is now selected as default
Changed graph line width to 1 point
Added SUPRESSI2CERRORDATA setting to the gui_settings.xml file, when it set to True, then serial protocol changes introduced 
n SVN r569 are ignored, so dev20120203 will work with the GUI.
Log files folder setting was ignored in 1.00 now it works correctly.

For those who use older multiwii version than SVN r569 but newer than 1.9. there is a Compatibility Mode switch. After finishing the setup wizard, open gui_settings.xml and change SUPRESSI2CERRORDATA element's value to true. This will ignore the change in serial protocol which was introduced in SVNr569.

Version 1.0

Intial public release